received with hospitals of curiously, and those who were Rishyasringas. Thou
must not means of knowledge seven, O king! I have heard that acquireth to
success. Where Chiefs never do what onfen from the garlander of the highly
region to us, listen to me. Know thou hast abstain him, therefore for
saying, thou shalt sooth. He then whatever, he will us Lomasa
pridually cometh out.’

“Vaisampayana continued, ‘Hearing these words unto Arjuna said, ‘must go
in vice of the different compuls. When the foes a daughter prayer of the
celestials, however, shorten thou, O foremost of men! Behold those
words of improper. He that, viz hills arrows, and go thou could not still
with a honour as of them.’ The mighty monarch (Then with the dwelling, and
taking family away the mother, wick her, said of following with sacrifice. O
thou of the Siddhas, pair regarding eyes like a feat (at departure), and
elephants and all obstructions began to one through from all four foes. He
has heard it that there is like the staffs of the race of the Ganga like
thee. I should not appear thee all erects. This thy sacrificial attendant
enjoyment shafts with the car from each other. Thou art from the past
of great wisdom), O Bharata, giftly in the form, thou art
ame with children recolling them. I shoth all thy wife-minded sorrow, I
shall sell travelled into thee. Not I desire to be remained my action? O
son of Pritha, thou shall be fruitlessly rank my children. Troudly lived?
Leave thee, my eyes are like a poison of thy culty with thy heart, is the
excellent of so search on me. Nor disciply then, O thou of that best of
Ganga, doth thou do know what takest on every creatures?’

“Vaisampayana continued, ‘Hearing these warriors, I permission, That
best of such, his incorporoality, go, that Jarasandha, virtue of smiline
and Muni of high pomind his energy or is successful.. Therefore, impelled
by her pursuit as a little more. A certain, that illustrious men had to
replied, ‘He is a good and now also wrong. This wrath of the ascetic men
away. We we hard to ask thy country before.’”

“So ends the Siddhas went on his brothers,--‘Going offspring unto these
and the Kurus, and it is before the saint of Suta. And having we filled
with great joy, Arjuna on this purpose. And he came to me, intelligence an
impelled Krishna. The illustrious Nara and posts unto that wretch, rushed with
the company of life, saluting there well as hereafter. And the influence of
fear, the same stead for the Satyavati graceth, the worship of Kuntibha had
forbaden upon him. There then that I am of production, apprinced, and
the midst of waters, as maddened to the earth. And after many husbands of
great ascetics, O king! There is said to thee, O thou of prowess what have
come, surrounded with the shafts and seemed resolver. In the enternal
kingdom, remembering thousands obtained by Data sages, and again seize
from their cloths and Bhima and Karna, and Vasistha weapons. Oh, the
common of Yavati, the consequence of the snake-sacrifice in the boon that best
of the Bharata (The Ganga) will be door and unto the Asuras with Dussasana.
Then, O thou thy race. Puscriming Yayati as he here, ye may not you.
And involve ye are thyself, while to observance is their birds. And
is it hath been asked, to religion thou scar extoged in my solf quickly arms.
And the several of their choices doth not uplike the world within Arjuna had
obtained such even side, be only that assent with charioteer bewaility
today the peak of her line upon souls of the water that hath been runk
up. Let them by her had been sprung, he was excluded by the Soul. Equal
in great grace, they are fruit again bride that was taken like pay a
hair. When his yojana said,--‘O best of kings more thou deservest to a
sin,’--with Sakta match is the man-like Sun, desire to him in the
runk of the gods takes, bethough thy race, and desire to wait of me,
endued with joy should, some pale, transformed with celestials glocks adority. Nor
Haitavati is the brehant of Bhishma said,--‘Who art thou mother hay may
beheld off success children?’ Yayati said, ‘Thou hast slayed, ‘Tell
us worthy of good, O thou of eyes so have been gratified, never do ye go
ve it under what cometh it.’ But it is so, O thou of great science, it hast
thou an even, O Suta, thy promise mind of beyondant shall. We do not
left over, So bark to me what I say. Have he should not proper under which
none else desire? The tirtha hath been those that are helf by the world of
this? Jyratudarika a snake and graced it with wilderness by Pandu’s
soul. It was thy where is suitably kingdom? This think is the weapon of
virtue, however, that they are overed with a large treatre. Or, in this
entals of Knu good Brahmachariot. By the Pandavas, are starding at their
hearts hereafter. Having diverse the Iswer itself vocality, and practises of
their deep. Ye, having, passion that shot was incapable of beings. They are
nights. There is none that sage what beyond as your so, possessing to
virtue and one act, as also or matter good and uttered by having like
Manu. They that Bhimasena is so. Deserving those offspring, indeed, the
Pandadas had offspring only crown to their backs and against were engaged
into their power.”

“And saying, ‘Go shall I also go incaw any sitten to me. And, O best of
kings! No This merits of destroyer by any her, wruth, addressing theo
seeks, saying, ‘O king, all me which sake unto me.. Let thee shower they sum
to other hutes. That you desirest to the mind of the earth is born virtue?
As thou hast (is subdued.’--Yudhishthira answered, ‘Sinhas they ask their
respect so from waters and as I from this!’

“Sauti continued, ‘The king were in the fallen and motionless with
a referage gnrisen. Those bird of great energy and like Bharata
the jack. These littling satisfactions unto Nala, which the whole princess
of welfare born I beheld my foe.’”
Sauti, Thus addressed,--‘Thou art the monarch Mahadeva, thou hast
acted all.’ Then Uparhishadha. Then, O thou think narrated of the regenerable
that strength himself into him, the monarch should the gods then went on
great superiors, and white their battle-at that manes of fair complexion.’

“Markandeya continued, ‘And, O giver of kings, hearing the sons of Indra
and the well-fated in which of the Vedas by the people respectful. The great
kings are uncompassion. They hath reclisted to the ismitted by his regions. He of his
mind tell me the duties of a mother, O best of men, even number to one
that dost thou, told me to thy weapons of their acts all had been fast
down, for this own, used it Brahma and Kurus of guests; they where
is?’ Having was their listeness and followed with the race of their
master, and towards, having gently then practising to Varshneya. He never
disconduct is pure that result is the morning for the good of gifts
and weapons. They were giving by Rama’s son. And Sakuni, spoke energy
them, and the eldest of great practice stood penances. And we hath bent
of honey. And in this, I had odour all this, ye shall come to learn
their today. And, O best of kings, what is said themselves have seen
virtue within thy proceed! And he saw a knowledge of this Cheerful dreath by
the skies. And then, I have offspring without family after, in a hurled
sense; a dehaving of a sive of yore or something to each other. There is not
the first like unto its all. After thee, I bidden to thee. How should be
destroyed.’

“Janamejaya continued, ‘The mighty Him. ‘O Bhima, if I even kill have
been his own acquired from such a great Rishi’s ascetic penances. And
she giveth thee a profit a great god of nature, but I have not each other!

“Vaisampayana continued, ‘Himself, he who is known that thou with
thy respect his mind who knew have for such existence.’”

“Parva continued by that gods like, asked, ‘How art thou encounter to be
from heaven. Thou certainly acting to thee!

“This Bhishma, this son of Sukra, that monarch what is very omother, why
dost comfined to certain our line. Go thou ham for my chariot them like
a Brahma, or a noise of morality, an a man bad, one that sell possessed of
days. I have pleased,--Somaka oppressed of refusion, but us known by thee
unto thee.’

“I shall now to brave my lord. Hearing the moment of Pandu, begotting over
thee, spoke, with joy, however, knowing into the north of thee to give
her morality. I am carry to me! Thou art reviveth your prosperity act
including the assembling of the deer. Or, I have been angry is like an
actrictuism by both and passing me to ascetice. We shall please to be
it.’”

“Sauti continued, ‘There, O best of the Bharata race, O son of Kunti!
 Therefore, one obtaineth thy aush. Uncited the snakes to the terrible
its resistless. Thou wert nover all, O expirent of any women! I have of
days. Madeva of Jamvik also sat in virtue thee for thee. He is thy spiritual
incapable of being auspicious elephants and then commanded by the
Pandavas. Ye sallow that the man from their banks for shaking him these
horses. It is be that go, in a large and first. But as that thou shaltest
thou! But why Dharma hath arrived thousands. There is then sight on this
happily and Sage. As, O king, acquireth thee, forth disregarding thee,
repeateth up it without fight.’”



SECTION CLXVI

(Sambhava Parva continued)

“Vaisampayana said,--‘And the must gift away all those hundred by thee who
never certainly this years and what I live their unto their abselvess. I
knoweth thy conflagrate thee no liveth, ell kings carely they all the
world to stell me.’ And they said, ‘They then, O bull amongst men, with
wild travanquillianly afflicted with move. When the Rakshasas with her
sport of men and called Krishna and Chyaki and kings, chaking on the
passion of the summits of his head arrows.’ And said, ‘Knowest us of any
kind’s demons that the son of Pandu, O Arjuna, I having payed thee a
son of Pritha, gave thee for thy releasing to protect thy brothers!’

“Sakuntala continued, ‘Sisupala of gods, those practises were penances.
Then, O Yudhi

--- End of Generation ---